Hello welcome back.
It has been just over 20 hours since we opened our Australian dollar Canadian dollar.
By order and we have a result the buy order was closed at a profit and we can see this from the card
history tab down here.
As you can see the green indicates that the order was closed at take profit and this single order brought
us $22 and seventy four cents of real money from the Forex market.
So congratulations on that.
Right now our account is sitting at a total of one hundred nineteen dollars and 20 cents profit.
And as you recall we started off with simply $500 an account.
So if I bring up the calculator now I would divide $100 $19 and 20 cents by 500.
We'll see that in total we have earned over 23 percent of profit just through these three trades.
That's an incredible result.
It is a result of very precise entries and exits and very calm very well calculated risks.
So we'll talk more about that in the summary for the section and philologists quickly have a look at
how this order played out and what we can learn from this particular trade that we conducted yesterday
.
So as usual I'm going to drag the order onto the chart so we can see it there and I'm going to change
the charter bar chart so we can see things a bit better.
And if we go zoom in a little bit we can see here that the order was open where the red line is and
that that's where we entered the position.
Then from there the market went a little bit down kind of crossed over this channel line the bottom
of the the bottom border of the channel hit the moving average trusted a bit tested it and then went
back up slowly to where it's supposed to go.
So a couple learnings from this particular example or from this particular order the first one and one
of the most important ones is that it's really good that we set the stop loss in this position where
we did.
And by that I mean that a lot of the time traders tend to set the stop loss right under the channel
.
Right.
Like right over here or maybe over here as you can see in this case it wouldn't have worked.
The market tends to test resistance lines and boards of channels.
And by that I mean that it it can approach them and even go through them a little bit and then go back
.
So finding a good position for a stop loss is a crucial part of your trading in this case.
I'll remind you that we looked at the psychological level of 95 and that was protecting our Stop-Loss
So we set our stop loss below that level.
Also definitely has to be below this bottom border of the channel.
Another interesting thing about the stop loss is and this is something I didn't mention yesterday.
But it's good to analyze it today.
As you can see the stop loss was also protected by the moving average.
So not only the ninety five not only the channel border and the ninety five five psychological resistance
level was protecting or protecting a stop loss but also the moving average was.
And so this is a 96 moving a simple moving average and 96.
There's 24 hours in a day.
And if you multiply 24 by that by four you'll get 96 So this is this moving average kind of represents
the average over four days the average on the Areli time frame over four days.
And as you can see in this particular case the moving average works really well.
The price bounced off the moving average here then bounced off the moving average of it here again.
Then bounced off the moving average here again.
And yesterday after we conducted our trade the price also once again bounced off the moving average
.
And that's a very good example of how you can use a moving average as a moving or rolling resistance
line.
So in this case that does another good thing for where we set our stop loss.
And finally if we look here at the take profit what happened here is the price has reached the take
profit which is great but it has not yet reached the top border of the channel so there is a potential
for the price to keep going and maybe that will happen.
But if you recall the way we set this stock take profit was it had to be below the important psychological
level of zero point ninety six which is here which I'm currently showing with the Course or so this
is also a very crucial part of your trading to say to take profits at strategic levels like below or
above.
In this case we want we know that the traders will be hesitant to cross the 0.26 line.
And therefore statistically it is it kind of reduces your chances of profit if you set your take profit
above this level.
So sometimes it is worth being a bit more conservative and setting.
You take profits below these levels so being kind of rather than just going for big bucks being more
strategic about your trading.
So those are kind of the learnings from this example and from this particular trade and I look forward
to seeing in the next tutorial.
Until then happy trading